MiniJavaCompiler.java:24:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:24:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:32:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:32:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:34:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:34:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:36:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:36:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:52:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:52:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:54:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:54:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:59:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:59:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:62:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:62:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:65:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
MiniJavaCompiler.java:65:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
Sintaxis/Asintactico.java:62:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
Sintaxis/Asintactico.java:62:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
Sintaxis/Asintactico.java:847:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
Sintaxis/Asintactico.java:847:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
buffer/Buffer.java:99:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
buffer/Buffer.java:99:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
lexico/Alexico.java:288:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'aux'.
lexico/Alexico.java:288:	UnusedLocalVariable: Avoid unused local variables such as 'aux'.
semantico/Clase.java:125:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:125:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:126:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
semantico/Clase.java:126:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
semantico/Clase.java:127:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:127:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:128:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
semantico/Clase.java:128:	SystemPrintln: System.out.print is used
semantico/Clase.java:129:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:129:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:130:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:130:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:132:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:132:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:133:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:133:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:134:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:134:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:135:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:135:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:136:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:136:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:139:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:139:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:141:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:141:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:142:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:142:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:144:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:144:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:145:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:145:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:146:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:146:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:152:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:152:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:155:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:155:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:156:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:156:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:158:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:158:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:159:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:159:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:160:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:160:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:161:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:161:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:164:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:164:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:165:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:165:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:166:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:166:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:167:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:167:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:168:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:168:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:172:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:172:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:176:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:176:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:177:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:177:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:219:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/Clase.java:219:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/TDS.java:32:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/TDS.java:32:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/TDS.java:259:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/TDS.java:259:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/TDS.java:265:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/TDS.java:265:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/VariableInstancia.java:28:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/VariableInstancia.java:28:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/VariableInstancia.java:29:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/VariableInstancia.java:29:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/VariableInstancia.java:30:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
semantico/VariableInstancia.java:30:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
